@node Output
@chapter Output

@command{satq} is the only command with any output apart from
warnings and error messages printed to standard error.

@command{satq}'s output to standard output, is a list of all
jobs queued for later execution. Each job in the queue is
separated by one empty line (@code{LF}@tie{}@code{LF}), there
is a empty line at the end of the output too. Each job is
printed on multiple lines, where all but the first line is
indented with two blank spaces. The first line is not indented.
The output for each job is formatted
@example
job: JOB-ID clock: CLOCK argc: ARGC remaining: REM argv[0]: ARGV0
  time: TIME
  wdir: WDIR
  argv: ARGV
  envp: ENVP
@end example
@noindent
where
@table @code
@item JOB-ID
is a the ID of the job. This is a non-negative integer.

@item CLOCK
is either @code{walltime} or @code{boottime}.

@item ARGC
is the number of arguments in the job's command line,
including the command itself. This is a positive integer.

@item REM
is the remaining time until the job is executed. This is
formatted either as @code{[DAYSd[HOURS:[MINUTES:]]]SECONDS.NANOSECONDS}
where @code{DAYS}, @code{HOURS}, and @code{MINUTES} are
only included if non-zero or a higher-valued variable is
included. The first included uses as few digits as
possible, the others uses two digits, this is true for
@code{SECONDS} too. @code{NANOSECONDS} is always in nine
digits.

@item ARGV0
is the first argument in the job's command line, that is,
the command that will be executed. This field, in contrast
to the eailer, may contain spaces. However it will be
quoted, if necessary, in manner so that it can be pasted
to the shell and run.

@item TIME
is the time the job will be executed. If the @code{CLOCK}
is @code{boottime}, this is formatted in the say way as
@code{REM}. If @code{CLOCK} is @code{walltime}, it is
formatted @code{YEAR-MM-DD HH:MM:SS} in 24-hour clock,
local time.

@item WDIR
is the working directory the job will have. If that
directory does not exist when the job is executed,
the job's working directory will be that if this
daemon, which is always @file{/} unless @command{satd}
was started with @option{-f}.

@item ARGV
is all arguments in the job's command line, including
@code{ARGV0}. Each argument is quoted as necssary.

@item ENVP
is all environment variables. Each entry is quoted if
necessary so it can be pasted to the shell and used
with @command{env}. Because this use usally a lot of
data, which you usually are not interrested in, it
can be a good idea to pipe the output of @command{satq}
to @command{grep -v '^  envp:'}. If you do this,
you should be aware that @command{grep} will fail
if there is no output.
@end table

