@c  This file is used, by inclusion, to allow the
@c  builder to specify how output shall be formatted.

@c  On dead tree editions we defailt to smallbook format.
@ifset HARDCOPY
@ifclear USLETTER
@ifclear AFOURPAPER
@ifclear AFIVEPAPER
@ifclear SMALLBOOK
@set SMALLBOOK
@end ifclear
@end ifclear
@end ifclear
@end ifclear
@end ifset

@c  On dead tree editions the heading on the left page
@c  is different from the heading on the right page.
@c  On online editions the heading is identical on the
@c  left pages and on the right pages.
@ifclear SINGLE_HEADINGS
@ifclear DOUBLE_HEADINGS
@ifclear HARDCOPY
@set SINGLE_HEADINGS
@end ifclear
@ifset HARDCOPY
@set DOUBLE_HEADINGS
@end ifset
@end ifclear
@end ifclear

@c  Apply paper format. Default to A4. (Remember
@c  dead tree editions defaulted to smallbook.)
@ifset AFIVEPAPER
@afivepaper
@end ifset
@ifset SMALLBOOK
@smallbook
@end ifset
@ifclear AFIVEPAPER
@ifclear SMALLBOOK
@ifclear USLETTER
@afourpaper
@set AFOURPAPER
@end ifclear
@end ifclear
@end ifclear
@c  (Texinfo defaults to US letter, thus nothing is
@c  done for USLETTER.)

@c  Only on dead tree editions: optionally add
@c  cropmarks, and by default, chapters begin
@c  on odd page numbers (the right side.)
@ifset HARDCOPY
@ifset CROPMARKS
@cropmarks
@end ifset
@ifclear SKIPCHAPTERNEWPAGE
@setchapternewpage odd
@end ifclear
@end ifset

@c  Apply font size. On smallbook and A5 default to
@c  10 points, on A4 and US letter we default to
@c  11 points.
@ifclear SKIPFONTTEXTSIZE
@ifset SMALLBOOK
@set SMALLFONT
@end ifset
@ifset AFIVEPAPER
@set SMALLFONT
@end ifset
@end ifclear
@ifset SMALLFONT
@fonttextsize 10
@end ifset
@ifclear SMALLFONT
@iftex @c Because of bug in Texinfo<=4.13
@fonttextsize 11
@end iftex
@end ifclear

@c  In America it is customary to have two spaces after
@c  a period. It is not elsewhere. (@frenchspacing is a
@c  misnomer)
@ifclear AMERICANSPACING
@frenchspacing on
@end ifclear

@c  This should only be used when writting the document.
@c  It is used to locate overflows. It should be be used
@c  in a printed version. It can be used in an online come
@c  use users can easier detect overflows and report them.
@ifclear NOFINALOUT
@finalout
@end ifclear


@c  Call this macro after the title page, but before the
@c  table of content, or the short table of content.
@macro setheadings{}
@ifset DOUBLEHEADINGS
@headings double
@end ifset
@ifset SINGLEHEADINGS
@headings single
@end ifset
@end macro

