.TH SATQ 1 SAT
.SH NAME
satq \- List all jobs queued for later execution.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B satq
.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR satq (1)
shall list all jobs in
.BR sat 's
list of jobs queued for later execution. Each job in the
queue is separated by one empty line (LF LF), there is
a empty line at the end of the output too. Each job is
printed on multiple lines, where all but the first line
is indented with two blank spaces. The first line is not
indented. The output for each job is formatted
.PP
.nf
job: \fIJOB-ID\fP clock: \fICLOCK\fP argc: \fIARGC\fP remaining: \fIREM\fP argv[0]: \fIARGV0\fP
  time: \fITIME\fP
  argv: \fIARGV\fP
  envp: \fIENVP\fP
.fi
.PP
where
.TP
.I JOB-ID
is a the ID of the job. This is a non-negative integer.
.TP
.I CLOCK
is either
.B walltime
or
.BR boottime .
.TP
.I ARGC
is the number of arguments in the job's command line, including
the command itself. This is a positive integer.
.TP
.I REM
is the remaining time until the job is executed. This is
formatted
.RI [ DAYS \fBd\fP[ HOURS \fB:\fP[ MINUTES \fB:\fP]]] SECONDS \fB.\fP NANOSECONDS
where
.IR DAYS ,
.IR HOURS ,
and
.IR MINUTES
are only included if non-zero or a higher-valued variable
is included. The first included uses as few digits as
possible, the others uses two digits, this is true for
.I SECONDS
too.
.I NANOSECONDS
is always in nine digits.
.TP
.I ARGV0
is the first argument in the job's command line, that is,
the command that will be executed. This field, in contrast
to the eailer, may contain spaces. However it will be
quoted, if necessary, in manner so that it can be pasted
to the shell and run.
.TP
.I TIME
is the time the job will be executed. If the
.I CLOCK
is
.BR boottime ,
this is formatted as
.IR REM .
If
.I CLOCK
is
.BR walltime ,
it is formatted
.IB YEAR - MM - DD \  HH : MM : SS
in 24-hour clock, local time.
.TP
.I ARGV
is all arguments in the job's command line, including
.IR ARGV0 .
Each argument is quoted as necssary.
.TP
.I ENVP
is all environment variables. Each entry is quoted
if necessary so it can be pasted to the shell and
used with
.BR env (1).
.SH OPTIONS
None.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B XDG_RUNTIME_DIR
This environment variable names the directory in which
interprocess communication related files are stored. If
unset or empty, /run is used.
.TP
.B SAT_HOOK_PATH
The pathname of the hook script to use. Does not have to
already exist. If not defined, $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/sat/hook
(if XDG_CONFIG_HOME is defined), $HOME/.config/sat/hook
(if HOME is defined), ~/.config/sat/hook (if the user has
a home and is not root), or /etc/sat/hook (otherwise) is
used.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR sat (1),
.BR satrm (1),
.BR satr (1),
.BR satd (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Principal author, Mattias Andrée.  See the COPYING file for the full
list of authors.
.SH LICENSE
MIT/Expat License.
.SH BUGS
Please report bugs to https://github.com/maandree/sat/issues or to
maandree@member.fsf.org
