\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@documentencoding UTF-8
@include reusable/macros.texinfo
@copying
@c --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright @copyright{} 2015  @w{Mattias Andrée @e{maandree@@member.fsf.org}}

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version@tie{}1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with the
Invariant Sections being ``Free Software Needs Free Documentation'',
the ``GNU Free Documentation License'', with no Front-Cover Texts, and
with no Back-Cover Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section
entitled ``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@c THIS WAS LAST CHANGED 2015-DECEMBER-30 UTC
@c When updated, please remember to update hardcopy-copying.texinfo too.
@c --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@end copying

@setfilename sat.info
@settitle sat
@documentlanguage en_GB
@include titlepage-data.texinfo

@c  You can change the title of the document in dir by compiling with
@c    INFO_FLAGS='-c CATEGORY=your_new_category'
@ifclear CATEGORY
@set CATEGORY Automation
@end ifclear

@dircategory @value{CATEGORY}
@direntry
* sat: (sat).                        @value{subtitle}
@end direntry

@documentdescription
User manual for sat.
A collection of utilities for scheduling
one-time jobs to be executed layer.
@end documentdescription
@c %**end of header


@iftex
@c @set USLETTER
@c @set AFOURPAPER
@c @set AFIVEPAPER
@c @set SMALLBOOK

@c @set HARDCOPY
@c @set CROPMARKS
@c @set SKIPCHAPTERNEWPAGE
@c @set SKIPFONTTEXTSIZE
@end iftex
@c @set LOGO
@c @set DOUBLEHEADINGS
@c @set SINGLEHEADINGS
@c @set AMERICANSPACING
@c @set NOFINALOUT

@ignore

  CROPMARKS has no effect unless HARDCOPY is set. CROPMARKS
  and AFIVEPAPER (or actually @cropmarks and @afivepaper) does
  not play well together.

  You can configure how TeX output files should look by uncommenting
  @set commands above. Do not uncomment more than one of the paper
  sizes (USLETTER, AFOURPAPER, AFIVEPAPER and SMALLBOOK); if none is
  uncomment AFOURPAPER will be set unless HARDCOPY is set, in which
  case SMALLBOOK will be set. However, if you do not want to modify
  this source file, you can run `make` with for example
  `TEXINFO_FLAGS='--texinfo="@set HARDCOPY"'`.

  Finally, you can include, on the front page, the version of sat
  that the manual is up to date with, by setting the value of VERSION
  to the version of sat, as well as date of the last update by
  setting DATE, and edition by setting EDITION. This is intended for
  printed manuals. The date is recommended to not be more accurate,
  or less accurate, than to the month. The edition should be formatted
  as, for example, ``1@sup{st}''.

@end ignore

@comment You can see these too with TEXINFO_FLAGS.
@c @paragraphindent asis
@c @firstparagraphindent none
@c @exampleindent asis
@c @kbdinputstyle distinct

@include reusable/paper.texinfo


@include hardcopy-copying.texinfo
@include reusable/titlepage.texinfo
@setheadings{}

@include content.texinfo

@bye

